when a humble bar grace to ride at home
with Geralt of Rivia along Kangas from
when do I move forth a silver tone devil
his army of
[Music]
drive out rich
[Applause]
[Music]
gee
the world
chosen race you
[Music]
[Applause]
be like touch your pass
rocketeers challenges of
I didn't
that's my return
[Music]
hey oh my friends it's great to see you
today those of you who don't know I'm
very passionate about the witcher
franchise I think witcher 3 is a strong
name for the best game of the last
decade in my opinion but hey let me know
down in the comments below if you want
me to do more with your songs there's
two priscilla song from the game there's
still the song of the white wolf from
the show let me know below what should
be next for those of you who are new
here well first of all welcome feel free
to browse around in the channel we're
all about powerful music over here
specially power metal heavy metal in
general and rock and roll i hope to see
you next time until then my friends have
yourselves an epic day